                  The Third Week of Foot Injuries
                               by
                           Matt Giwer  (c) 1994

     If the prosecution of the Branch Davidians had a foot or 
even four feet they would all be punctured by bullets in this 
third week.  It was an impressive third week for the trial.  We 
have heard confirmation of the violation of the posse comitatus 
law, admission of intent to deceive the public, and testimony the 
government was lying as to events.
     First we have three National Guardsmen admitting they were 
piloting helicopters in the initial attack upon the home of the 
Branch Davidians in Waco.  This is specifically prohibited by the 
Posse Comitatus Act.  I have previously noted this is felony 
murder as deaths resulted during the course of the commission of 
a felony.  Previously I suggested it was only when the tanks were 
used by the FBI.  We now have testimony by the pilots of the 
helicopters that the entire raid constituted felony murder.
     The pilots were under some pressure to give their original
testimony as first they (all of them) testified they did not get
within 1000 feet of the compound.  Then there was video tape
shown in court they had circled the compound at least three times
and that of course demonstrated perjury on their part. They
indicated their testimony was under pressure of the prosecutors.
     As they had made continuous flight recordings for the three
hours of their flight time they were unable to identified who had
edited it down to seventeen minutes and presented it as the sum
total off the flight time.
     Next the government was requested to present all the 
information supporting the statements in the Treasury Department 
report of the incident.  The prosecution objected saying the 
report was meant for public and media consumption and, in effect, 
not intended to represent provable or substantiable statements.  
     Listen up.  The prosecution has said that what they want you 
to read has absolutely NOTHING to do with what they can prove in 
court.  What they want the media to present has no relation to 
the evidence.  The prosecution has objected to having to prove 
anything in the Treasury report.
     That folks is an admission of deliberately misleading the 
public with a report that is insubstantial.  In layman's terms 
that means if we can be clever enough in our wording they might 
belief us.  In reality it means there is nothing in the Treasury 
report that is credible as by prosecution statement it was 
created only for public an media consumption and not to present 
what really happened.
     Finally we have the who was ordered to be the inside man to 
infiltrate and report on David Koresh.  Immediately afterwards he 
hired his own attorney as he believed the BATF was making him the 
scapegoat.  He believed this because he knew they were lying 
about events as they occured.
     In the previous two weeks we have no two witnesses who can
tell the same story of the original attack.  We have no testimony
of any intent to serve the search warrant in a peaceful manner.
We have no witness who can swear to any intention to identify
themselves or their possession of a warrant.  We have no person
who can swear they did identify themselves and their possession
of a warrant.
     Now in the third week we have a specific admission of felony 
violation of the posse comitatus law.  We have specific admission 
the Treasury intended to mislead the public.  We have specific 
allegation from a person who knows what happened that the 
government was lying to the public.
     If Kafka were alive today he would abandon fiction as he 
could not imagine any trial as strange as this.
     We have almost every mainstream dissent from the government 
version proven correct in only three weeks and all by prosecution 
witnesses.  People who have supported the government now know 
they have been lied to.  People who have questioned felony murder 
now have no question it occured.  
     If there is going to be justice, when are the felony 
murderers going to be indicted?
Libertarianism In One Lesson
A forceful one-page essay describing
the essence of the Libertarian idea
and how it can lead to a world of
abundance & harmony.
By David Bergland

LIBERTARIANISM IN ONE LESSON
========================================

     This is a simple summary of what
"Libertarianism" is.  It was originally
written by David Bergland, the 1984
Libertarian Party (LP) presidential
candidate, for distribution during his
campaign.


      LIBERTARIANISM IN ONE LESSON

           by David Bergland

     Perhaps the most common question
put to Libertarian Party (LP) candidates
is:  "What is Libertarianism?"  Or,
"What does the LP stand for?"

     First, let's avoid some common
errors and confusion by stating what
libertarianism is not.  It is NOT a
combination of left and right positions.
It does not fit on the traditional
political spectrum.  That spectrum does
not admit the idea that all people have
the right to control their own lives, in
all respects, and the obligation to take
responsibility for themselves and their
own actions.  Liberals and conservatives
agree that the rest of us are evil or
incompetent or both and must therefore
be controlled by government.  They
differ only on which aspects of our
lives should be controlled most.

     By contrast, Libertarians hold that
each person has the absolute right of
self-ownership over his or her life,
body, speech, action and honestly
acquired property.  Each has the
obligation to respect those same rights
in mutual respect for each other's right
of self-ownership.  Anything that is
peaceful, voluntary and honest violates
no rights and thus is not a proper
subject for governmental intervention.

     Law enforcement's only proper
function is to assist us in defending
our rights.  The only proper laws are
those which penalize such conduct as
murder, rape, kidnaping, robbery,
burglary, arson, trespass, pollution and
fraud.  On an international scale, the
U.S. armed forces should be confined to
providing security against foreign
attack on American shores.  They should
not be used in foreign wars.

     Libertarianism is the philosophy of
the Declaration of Independence and the
American Revolution.  Most people, most
of the time, deal with each other on the
libertarian basis of mutual respect.
Two groups don't:  criminals and
government.  Libertarians challenge the
notion that government can legitimately
coerce the rest of us through taxation,
regulation, conscription and criminal
penalties imposed upon peaceful,
voluntary conduct.  We demand that laws
be limited to their proper functions and
that government personnel be held to the
same standard of respect for our rights
that the rest of us follow.

     The Libertarian Party is for all
people who do not want to be controlled
and who do not want to control others.
On all issues we will support increased
personal liberty and reduced government
control.  We know that a free society is
possible and that it is practical.  We
are committed to work for as long as it
may take to achieve it.

2nd. ed., 2/10/84


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
             101 THINGS YOU CAN DO TO CONSERVE RESOURCES AND
                        PROTECT THE ENVIRONMENT
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                            IN YOUR HOME

Recycle everything you can; newspaper, cans, glass, aluminum foil and pans,
motor oil, scrap metal, etc.  In the Portland area, many recyclables get
picked up at your curb.

Investigate local recycling centers that take items your garbage hauler
doesn't (scrap paper, plastics, appliances).

Save your kitchen scraps for the compost pile.

Avoid the use of household pesticides.  Fly swatters work very well.

Clean your windows with vinegar and water instead of chemical products.

Use cold water in the washer unless it's necessary to use warm or hot.

Use washable rags, not paper towels, for cleaning spills and other household
chores.
Crumpled newspaper are great for washing windows.

Use cloth diapers.  The plastic in disposable diapers doesn't break down in
landfills.

Use cloth, not paper napkins.

Don't put hazardous substances down your drain or in your trash (paint thinner
furniture polish, etc).  Dispose of them on designated hazardous-waste
collection days.

Don't use electrical appliances for things you can easily do by hand.

Reuse brown paper bags to line your trash can instead of plastic liners.  
Reuse bread bags, butter tubs, etc.

Use reusable containers to store foods - not plastic wraps and foil.

Write to companies that send unwanted junk mail...ask them to take you off
their list.

Save your coat hangers and return them to the cleaners.

Take unwanted, reusable items to a charitable organization or thrift shop.

Don't leave water running needlessly.

Install a water-saving shower head.

Set your water heater at 130 degrees.

Have your water heater insulated free of charge by your utility company.

Turn the heat down and wear a sweater.

Lower your house temperature by one degree per hour every hour you'll be
away or asleep.

Turn the lights off when you're out of the room.  Ditto with the TV.

Get a free energy audit from your utility company.

Burn only seasoned wood in your wood stove or fireplace.

                            IN YOUR YARD

Start a compost pile.

Plant shrubs and trees that provide food and shelter for birds and other 
creatures.

Feed the birds; put up birdhouses and baths.

Pull weeds instead of using herbicides.

Learn about natural insect controls as alternatives to pesticides.

Landscape with plants that aren't prone to insect and fungus problems.

Ignore caterpillars and most native leaf-chewing insects.  Let birds and
insect predators take care of them.

Use beer traps for slugs instead of baiting with poisons.

Use organic fertilizers...manure or Zoo Doo helps condition your soil and
fertilize at the same time.

If you use pesticides, herbicides, or fungicides, don't throw leftovers in 
the trash, down your drain, or into a storm sewer.  Dispose of them on a 
hazardous-waste collection day.

Compost your leaves and yard debris or take them to a yard debris recycler.
Burning them creates air pollution and putting them out with the trash is a
waste of landfill space.

Use mulch to conserve water in your garden.

Plant things that don't require a lot of water.

Take extra plastic and rubber pots back to the nursery.

Large expanses of lawn are not good habitat for other creatures, plus they
usually must be maintained with chemicals and extensive watering.  Dig up
some of your grass and plant native shrubs and trees instead.

Plant short, dense shrubs close to your home's foundation to help insulate
against the cold.

                            ON VACATION

Turn down the heat and turn off the water heater before you go.

Carry reusable cups, dishes, and flatware.

Make sure your plastic trash doesn't end up in the ocean.

Don't pick flowers or collect wild creatures for pets...leave animals and
plants where you find them.

Don't buy souvenirs made from wild animals.

Watch out for wildlife...give consideration to all living things you see
crossing the road.

Build smaller campfires.

Stay on the trail.

                          IN YOUR CAR

Drive sensibly...dont't waste gas.

Keep your car tuned up.

Carpool.  In the Portland area call 227-7665 for information.

Use public transit.

Ride your bike or walk instead of driving.

Buy a more gas-efficient car.

Recycle your engine oil.

Keep your tires properly inflated to save gas.

Recycle your old tires.

Keep your wheels in alignment to save your tires.

Don't litter.

                       AT YOUR BUSINESS

Start an office recycling program for office and computer paper, cardboard,
etc.

Use scrap paper for informal notes to yourself and others.

Print things on recycled paper.

Print or copy on both sides of the paper.

Use smaller paper for smaller memos.

Reuse manila envelopes and file folders.

Hide the throw-away cups and train people to bring their mugs to meetings.

Route things around the office or put non-urgent communications on a bulletin
board rather than making multiple copies.

Use the stairs instead of the elevator.

Office building landscape doesn't have to be sterile lawns and bedding plants.
Plant trees and shrubs the birds will like.

Put a bird feeder outside your office window.  

                      WHEN YOU'RE SHOPPING

Don't buy food or household products in plastic or styrofoam containers if
there is an alternate (milk and egg cartons, vegetable oils, butter tubs,
etc.)  They can't or are difficult to be recycled and they don't break 
down in the environment

Don't buy "disposable" anything.  Paper plates and towels and foam cups are
extravagant wastes of the world's resources.

If you must buy disposables, buy paper products rather than plastics or
styrofoam.  The manufacture of styrofoam depletes the ozone layer.

Buy durable products and keep them a little longer.  Cheap furniture, clothes,
and appliances often have short life spans.

Check the energy rating on major appliances you buy.

Read labels and buy the least toxic product available for cleaning, pest
control, and other jobs.

Put your parcels into one big sack instead of collecting several small ones.

Don't buy things with excess packaging (individually wrapped cheese slices,
apples on a paper tray wrapped with cellophane, etc).

Buy in bulk; reduce pollution that comes from the manufacture and disposal
of many small packages.

Ask questions...don't buy products that are hazardous to the environment or
that were manufactured at the expense of important animal habitat.

Buy locally grown food and locally made products when possible.

Don't buy products that come from endangered animals.

Don't keep exotic pets.

                          PERSONAL EFFORTS

Join a conservation organization.

Volunteer your time to conservation projects.

Give money to worthy conservation/environmental causes.

Check your lifestyle...think about effects of your daily actions on the
environment.

Take advantage of the non-game wildlife checkoff on your Oregon tax form.

Vote for candidates who share your sentiments.

Read books and articles on wildlife and environmental issues.

Watch nature programs on TV (and call your local Nature BBS).

Subscribe to conservation or environmental publications.  Purchase them
as gifts for others.

                         SPREAD THE WORD 

Convert by example...encourage other people to save resources too.

Tease, cajole, persuade, or shame your family, friends, and neighbors for
not recyling, not being energy conscious, etc.

Complain to merchants about excess packaging, use of plastics, etc.  Write
letters to companies.  Patronize merchants who are environmentally conscious.

Write your legislators when you have an opinion about pending legislation
on environmental, land use, or other issues.

Teach children to respect nature and the environment.  Take them on a hike,
help them plant a tree or build a bird house, buy them a nature book or
subscription to a wildlife magazine.




X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
 Another file downloaded from:                     The NIRVANAnet(tm) Seven

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Taipan Enigma        510/935-5845
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408/363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   510/527-1662
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           801/278-2699
 The New Dork Sublime                     Biffnix              415/864-DORK
 The Shrine                               Rif Raf              206/794-6674
 Planet Mirth                             Simon Jester         510/786-6560

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"
X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

